Twitch-bot README
Intro:
This custom bot was created as a deep dive into creating Twitch chatbots, and is not intended for any serious use as a livestreaming tool. The big players in Twitch chatbots are Nightbot and StreamElements that are intended for serious use.

Commands
Command	Description
!spits + length	Spits out some random strings depending on the length that you wanted.
!entries	Once you copy-pasted the random string, you'll be entered for a giveaway!
!pickWinner	This command is for the streamer to pick a random winner from the viewers in Twitch Chat that will win.
!followage	Retrieve how long the user has been following the channel.
!uptime	Displays how long the stream has been live for, or an offline message if the stream is offline.
!title	Retrieve the current stream title.
!clear	Clears all the messages in the chat.
!prime	Displays a Twitch Prime advertisement message.
!listall	Returns a space-separated string of all of the custom commands that have been created. eg. !command1 !command2 !command3
help	Sends you the link to the documentation.
Messages On A Scheduled Interval
Some messages will be repeatedly sent to chat in a scheduled manner, with the user able to customize the interval time between each message.

Currently, the only messages that will loop repeatedly are:

prime - Sends a Twitch Prime advertisement message

water - Sends a reminder to the streamer to drink water, calculating how much water they should drink to maintain optimal hydration by using stream uptime data.

stretch - Sends a reminder for the streamer to stretch every 20 minutes or 40 minutes.

Custom Commands
Custom commands can be set by using the following schema:

!cmd OPERATION ARGS

The bot is still under development and not yet finished. Also working on Music Integration with Spotify.

Contributing
We welcome any contributions! Before you start, please read our contributing guidelines.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

Acknowledgments
TwitchIO for providing a powerful and easy-to-use library for creating Twitch bots.
Awesome README for providing a list of resources for creating a good README.
Keep a Changelog for providing a standard for creating a changelog.
Contact
For any questions, feel free to contact me at dannyguo@example.com.